hi guys and were the tally on this
episode of Laura in the kitchen I'm
going to show you how make the perfect
hummus it's gonna be creamy it's only
full of flavor with garlic and parsley
tahini it is going to be perfect it's
great for any occasion any cocktail
party the Super Bowl is right around the
corner it's the perfect thing that you
can serve with either pita chips some
cucumbers some carrots some baguette you
name it it's perfect let's do it
[Music]
you
okay so first thing we're going to do is
go over the ingredients and the
ingredients are super simple and easy
you're gonna need some chickpeas these
are just can chickpeas drained and
rinsed you're gonna need some lemon
parsley some fresh garlic some tahini
paste salt pepper and olive oil extra
virgin olive oil now I'm going to do
this in a food processor so it's going
to be lil a super simple and easy I'm
going to put my chickpeas in here along
with my garlic and parsley squeeze of
lemon well a whole lemon one nice amount
of zing so it's not sort of overpowering
creamy and rich the lemon really adds a
really good freshness and bright note to
this just squeeze the whole thing in
there in just a little bit of tahini
paste not tahini paste is a paste made
out of sesame seeds and it's very
traditional in hummus so we have to put
that in there if you find it at any
supermarket but if you can't find it or
you don't want to put it in there just
leave it out it's still gonna be a
fantastic dip either way but the tahini
is just like you know one of the well
it's one of the main ingredients in
traditional hummus so I'm putting some
in some salt and pepper and I'm not
going to put any olive oil yet I'm going
to pulse this and get it like a nice and
sort of chunky and then we're going to
drizzle in the olive oil through the
feeding tube consistency is looking
pretty good
nice and chunky just going to put the
lid back on and now I'm going to start
drizzling in the olive oil
that looks fantastic
the texture is wonderful if you want to
be more chunky by all means leave it a
bit more chunky I like it nice and
smooth like that when you can serve this
with pita chips you can serve this with
a nice crudité platter you know some
baby carrots and some I don't knows
celery or bell peppers is one of my
favorite ways to eat this but my
absolute favorite way is with cucumbers
there's just something about the fresh
crisp cucumber with rich creamy texture
of the hummus I just love it now
traditionally I mean yeah you would want
to like to sit in your fridge just for a
couple of hours just for the flavors to
develop and it'll taste much better but
this is so good mmm mmm wonderful mom
it's easy its quick its inexpensive and
it's perfect for any party I hope you
enjoy spending time with me to get this
recipe another screw Debbie Debbie
Debbie Lauren comm nest in your hand
[Music]